README.md, before:

[![Codacy Badge](https://api.codacy.com/project/badge/Grade/d07d05e0461749748734bba48cabfb1f)](https://www.codacy.com/manual/karashiiro/Universalis?utm_source=github.com&amp;utm_medium=referral&amp;utm_content=karashiiro/Universalis&amp;utm_campaign=Badge_Grade)

# Universalis
A crowdsourced market board aggregator.

## Endpoint Reference
*   /api/:world/:item
*   /api/history/:world/:item
*   /api/tax-rates
*   /api/extra/content/:contentID
*   /api/extra/stats/upload-history
*   /api/extra/stats/recently-updated
*   /api/extra/stats/least-recently-updated
*   /api/extra/stats/world-upload-counts
*   /upload/:apiKey

## Client-app Development
Please see goat's [ACT plugin](https://github.com/goaaats/universalis_act_plugin) for an example of how to collect and upload market board data.

## Development
Requires [Node.js](https://nodejs.org/) v10 or higher, [PHP](https://www.php.net/downloads.php), [MariaDB](https://mariadb.org/download/), [Redis](https://redis.io/download), [Composer](https://getcomposer.org/), and [MongoDB Community Edition](https://docs.mongodb.com/manual/administration/install-community/) v4.2 or higher.

Also build a DataExports using SaintCoinach (Overview TODO)

Uncomment/add in php.ini:
```
extension=redis.so
```

MariaDB commands:
```
CREATE DATABASE `dalamud`;
CREATE USER 'dalamud'@localhost IDENTIFIED BY 'dalamud';
```

Setup script:
```
npm install -g yarn
npm install
git submodule init
git submodule update
cd mogboard
git submodule init
git submodule update
composer install
php bin/console doctrine:schema:create
php bin/console PopulateGameDataCommand -vvv
yarn
yarn dev
symfony server:start -vvv --port 8000
cd ..
npm run build
npm start
```

## Uploads
Listings upload format (JSON):

```
{
    worldID: number;
    itemID: number;
    uploaderID: string | number;
    listings: [{
        listingID: string;
        hq: boolean;
        materia?: ItemMateria[];
        pricePerUnit: number;
        quantity: number;
        total?: number;
        retainerID: string;
        retainerName: string;
        retainerCity: number;
        creatorName?: string;
        onMannequin?: boolean;
        sellerID: string;
        creatorID?: string;
        lastReviewTime: number;
        stainID?: number;
    }];
}
```

History upload format (JSON):

```
{
    worldID: number;
    itemID: number;
    uploaderID: number | string;
    entries: [{
        hq: boolean;
        pricePerUnit: number;
        quantity: number;
        total?: number;
        buyerName: string;
        timestamp: number;
        onMannequin?: boolean;
        sellerID: string;
    }];
}
```

Crafter upload format (JSON):

```
{
    contentID: number;
    characterName: string;
}
```

Commit message:

Add update procedure to the README so I don't waste time again

README.md, after:

[![Codacy Badge](https://api.codacy.com/project/badge/Grade/d07d05e0461749748734bba48cabfb1f)](https://www.codacy.com/manual/karashiiro/Universalis?utm_source=github.com&amp;utm_medium=referral&amp;utm_content=karashiiro/Universalis&amp;utm_campaign=Badge_Grade)

# Universalis
A crowdsourced market board aggregator.

## Endpoint Reference
*   /api/:world/:item
*   /api/history/:world/:item
*   /api/tax-rates
*   /api/extra/content/:contentID
*   /api/extra/stats/upload-history
*   /api/extra/stats/recently-updated
*   /api/extra/stats/least-recently-updated
*   /api/extra/stats/world-upload-counts
*   /upload/:apiKey

## Client-app Development
Please see goat's [ACT plugin](https://github.com/goaaats/universalis_act_plugin) for an example of how to collect and upload market board data.

## Development
Requires [Node.js](https://nodejs.org/) v10 or higher, [PHP](https://www.php.net/downloads.php), [MariaDB](https://mariadb.org/download/), [Redis](https://redis.io/download), [Composer](https://getcomposer.org/), and [MongoDB Community Edition](https://docs.mongodb.com/manual/administration/install-community/) v4.2 or higher.

Also build a DataExports and an icon2x by running the exporter solution.

Uncomment/add in php.ini:
```
extension=redis.so
```

MariaDB commands:
```
CREATE DATABASE `dalamud`;
CREATE USER 'dalamud'@localhost IDENTIFIED BY 'dalamud';
```

Setup script:
```
npm install -g yarn
npm install
git submodule init
git submodule update
cd mogboard
git submodule init
git submodule update
composer install
php bin/console doctrine:schema:create
php bin/console PopulateGameDataCommand -vvv
yarn
yarn dev
symfony server:start -vvv --port 8000
cd ..
npm run build
npm start
```

# To update
Go to the mogboard/ folder, and execute the following commands after adding the new DataExports and icon2x data.
```
sudo rm -rf var/
sudo redis-cli FLUSHALL
php bin/console PopulateGameDataCommand -vvv
sudo chmod 0777 var/
```

## Uploads
Listings upload format (JSON):

```
{
    worldID: number;
    itemID: number;
    uploaderID: string | number;
    listings: [{
        listingID: string;
        hq: boolean;
        materia?: ItemMateria[];
        pricePerUnit: number;
        quantity: number;
        total?: number;
        retainerID: string;
        retainerName: string;
        retainerCity: number;
        creatorName?: string;
        onMannequin?: boolean;
        sellerID: string;
        creatorID?: string;
        lastReviewTime: number;
        stainID?: number;
    }];
}
```

History upload format (JSON):

```
{
    worldID: number;
    itemID: number;
    uploaderID: number | string;
    entries: [{
        hq: boolean;
        pricePerUnit: number;
        quantity: number;
        total?: number;
        buyerName: string;
        timestamp: number;
        onMannequin?: boolean;
        sellerID: string;
    }];
}
```

Crafter upload format (JSON):

```
{
    contentID: number;
    characterName: string;
}
```
